tools: added a checklist for debugging speed problem (#754)
pingcap/docs: tools/lightning-errors.md

This document summarizes some commonly encountered errors in the `tidb-lightning` log file and their solutions.

## Import speed is too slow

Normally it takes Lightning 5 minutes per thread to import a 256 MB Chunk. It is an error if the speed is much slower than this. The time taken for each chunk can be checked from the log mentioning `restore chunk … takes`. This can also be observed from metrics on Grafana.

There are several reasons why Lightning becomes slow:

> **Cause 1**: `region-concurrency` is too high, causing thread contention and reduces performance on the contrary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cause 1**: `region-concurrency` is too high, which causes thread contention and reduces performance.
```

1. The setting can be found from the start of the log by searching `region-concurrency`.

> 2. If Lightning shares the same machine with other services (e.g. Importer), the `region-concurrency` must be **manually** set to 75% of total CPU number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If Lightning shares the same machine with other services (e.g. Importer), `region-concurrency` must be **manually** set to 75% of the total number of CPU cores
```

> 3. If there is a quota on CPU (e.g. limited by K8s settings), Lightning may not be able to read this out. In this case, the `region-concurrency` must also be **manually** reduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If there is a quota on CPU (e.g. limited by K8s settings), Lightning may not be able to read this out. In this case, `region-concurrency` must also be **manually** reduced.
```
